hi guys another announcement about the
next live stream it will be on Wednesday
at about the same time as the Monday 1
730 gmt 830 central european time or 8
30 my time in the evening i will leave
links to the channel and i will leave a
link to the time so you can click on it
and see exactly what time that is in
your time zone it's going to be an
extension of the last live stream the
last live stream was very successful we
managed to actually find quite a few
good en bees although i think at the
moment seasons of skyrim seems to be the
number one the probable winner so to
speak out of all the mb's we tried but i
would like to try some others and see
how they go as well i'm anticipating it
will be a little easier to test now got
the sort of hang of it and i'll be able
to test more en BS in a shorter time
hopefully and come up with the right ENB
for the next chapter of my let's play if
you actually missed that live stream and
wanted to see how it went all of my
livestreams are recorded on twitch and i
will leave a link to the recorded area
and i will actually leave a direct link
to that particular video so you can
watch it if you want and of course if
you're interested in seeing the second
part of this testing of course join me
on Wednesday evening and we will try to
have a little bit more fun and test a
few more en bees oh and for those of you
who asked sort of you know really
wondering when the chapter 5 let's play
will start pretty much a couple of days
after I have figured out which EMB am
using because I've got most of the other
mods sorted I will recall the let's play
and obviously a day or so after that so
not too long hopefully okay well I will
see those of you who care to join me
tomorrow
you